---
layout: post
categories: [android, programming]
title: Services
summary: services
author: abc
profile: https://avatars0.githubusercontent.com/u/657415?v=3&amp;s=460
image:
---


Mobile Apps

Presently, iOS and Android technologies are dominating mobile platforms. The competition between the two technologies have resulted in innovations that were beyond one’s imagination just a few years ago. This healthy competition has resulted in invention of some amazing applications, be it apps for social interaction, gaming & utility, hyperlocal targeting apps and many more.



Web Development

A web application is a conventional option, however, it has its own advantages like more play space, clutter-free UI, powerful computational capabilities - areas where the mobile platform is yet to catch up. A powerful web application coupled with strong backend is quintessential for every business.



User Interface and User Experience

The design of the app is as important as the code itself as every app has just 45 seconds to impress the user. This means that the user interface has to be so intuitive that it engages the user to explore your product and adapt it. Having realised this, we at Bitjini strive to achieve just that.



Marketing

Our digital marketing team has experience working for some of the biggest companies in India and with this rich experience, we are equipped to provide your business with the growth and exposure it needs. We do optimise your apps for the Play Store and App Store for better ranking and visibility.

